hello everybody
Tom Kazem here I made a video yesterday
on creating this artificial scratchy
cruddy sound using basic Ableton Live
native effects and some dummy clips and
some audio routing but um quite a lot of
people liked it which is really cool
some people didn't like it sorry
turntable lists but um yeah I've decided
to go and make it into a max for live
device and in a rack so that you only
have to have this on one channel that's
all there there's no tummy clips there's
no audio routing you can just chuck it
in and play a sample through it and it
will mangle it so um the way it works is
there's the increments here you'll
notice if I click on these it'll change
the rhythm of getting value and then
there's just something a pitch knob so
let's just play a sample for you that's
what the device off with it turn it on
I can pick these increments to gate it
and then I move the pitch around in a
for some to edit auto scratch button so
this just randomizes all these and moves
the pitch around for you so instant
gratification and there's also a chaos
button and what that does is move it
really fast
sorry it's a bit too much for me
sometimes but this here listen
and of course if we go into MIDI mode
you'll see that we can assign MIDI
controllers to the buttons and the pitch
in the random stuff I feel like so you
can actually play this live yourself
using buttons and a slider which is a
lot of fun and I'm going to finish the
video with an example of using a MIDI
controller to control this device a lot
of fun so yeah at the moment this is for
pro members of some testing phase so if
your app remember it calls them by
proteins it you can download this right
now that's part of the toolkit which is
a whole selection of cool utilities and
devices and fun stuff just like this
that you can play with so yeah Cheers